README.md, before:

# Braillearn

## Instructions

> If you are not connected to the hardware, flip the `usingHardware` feature flag in `/frontend/braillearn/src/featureFlags.js` to `false`. Otherwise, keep it at `true`. 

### Frontend

1. From root directory, `cd frontend/braillearn`
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm start`

### Backend

1. From root directory, `cd backend`
2. First load the hardware and upload the code onto the Arduino (see Hardware section below)
3. Change the COM port in `backend/server.js` to the correct port for your Arduino ~line 10 (e.g., 'COM3' on Windows or '/dev/ttyACM0' on Linux). On Mac, after connecting device, open Terminal and run `ls /dev/cu*`. Find the COM port, e.g. `/dev/cu.usbserial-110`
4. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
5. Run `npm start`

### Hardware (Optional)
> The below is only required if 
1. Download Arduino IDE from https://www.arduino.cc/en/software
2. Open or load `hardware/BrailleController.c` in Arduino IDE
3. Connect the Arduino to your computer via USB
4. Select the correct board and port in Arduino IDE: Tools > Board > Arduino Uno, Tools > Port > (Select the port that says Arduino)
5. Click the upload button (right arrow icon) to upload the code to the Arduino

Commit message:

Fix formatting in hardware instructions section

README.md, after:

# Braillearn

## Instructions

> If you are not connected to the hardware, flip the `usingHardware` feature flag in `/frontend/braillearn/src/featureFlags.js` to `false`. Otherwise, keep it at `true`. 

### Frontend

1. From root directory, `cd frontend/braillearn`
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm start`

### Backend

1. From root directory, `cd backend`
2. First load the hardware and upload the code onto the Arduino (see Hardware section below)
3. Change the COM port in `backend/server.js` to the correct port for your Arduino ~line 10 (e.g., 'COM3' on Windows or '/dev/ttyACM0' on Linux). On Mac, after connecting device, open Terminal and run `ls /dev/cu*`. Find the COM port, e.g. `/dev/cu.usbserial-110`
4. Run `npm install` to install dependencies
5. Run `npm start`

### Hardware (Optional)
> The below is only required if making changes to hardware code and need to upload to Arduino Uno.
1. Download Arduino IDE from https://www.arduino.cc/en/software
2. Open or load `hardware/BrailleController.c` in Arduino IDE
3. Connect the Arduino to your computer via USB
4. Select the correct board and port in Arduino IDE: Tools > Board > Arduino Uno, Tools > Port > (Select the port that says Arduino)
5. Click the upload button (right arrow icon) to upload the code to the Arduino
